Restructuring ROS 2 Gem docs (#2266)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/interactivity/robotics/project-configuration.md

---

> linkTitle: ROS2ProjectConfiguration
> title: Project Configuration
> description: How to install dependencies and build a project with this Gem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: Project Configuration
title: ROS 2 Project Configuration
description: How to install dependencies and build a project with the the ROS 2 Gem in Open 3D Engine (O3DE).
```
